Replace usage of meshExpansion flag with istiod gateway code sample (#7869)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/virtual-machine/index.md

## Install the Istio control plane

> Install Istio and expose the control plane so that virtual machines can reach it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Istio and expose the control plane so that your virtual machine can access it.
```

1. Install Istio.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ istioctl install
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Expose the control plane by using the provided code sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Expose the control plane using the provided sample configuration.
```

> 1. Expose Istiod, for example by using the provided code sample.

Reviewer 2: Can we get rid of `for example`?
